Speak, people, beauty, but whatever.
starting another video of gt so with
online teaching you today here
how to get this military jeep here from a
very easy way
the first thing they have been since I came
here at the military base and stay at that point
that I'll mark on the map here the drawing
here is the same point where the
people use to enter the military base only
that in this case we will not enter
in her
we will attract personnel to outside
base to ease pick up the jeep
then we draw attention to the
Iraq picks up the ready to have called snip
their attention is still there
now they will come and see that what is
happening on the hill and I'm going to enjoy it
the goal is the jeep, reminding them that
this should also be done with the tank
I'll bring a video for you guys doing
the same thing with the tank with only tank
It's a little more complicated than you
You know the tank is a disgrace, right?
Can not you see him already?
blow up our skulls let's go
Let's go up here, people are already there.
only order
hello puppy do an exercise in the leg
It's okay to go up, I died.
the guys are already there and you have two
options or wait for the desired level
finish and then he takes the tank or
just call lester
I call east pro day earning him
people here was not supposed to have come to
police were supposed to come
the army personnel
but let's call again the attention said
This guy is fucking with me.
is the third time I try to record and not
to work
Come on, ready now, probably.
jouvin
I hope the police do not come to rain
now they are coming there the jeep is
seeing there just wait for the level of
sought out just wait to get in
first here and there with us friends
They're coming and we're going to wait for the father.
decide on the jeep
Look there, play there will take a while.
thank you silly
ready here now I'll do I
I'll call lester, I'll disable the
wanted level
ae come ready lester
turn the level of looking Jeep
it's up there, they're going to be careful here
I just came down and died
I had to go back in the beginning that today is going
disappear from there put down here not here not
going to happen I'll die deep in the
No, Brazil will not come down here.
and we go in the jeep reminding that this
giba that you can also put in the
garage
Can you wash them before only
it has no customization option you
You'll just have to put the radar in it.
the radar and the total insurance or without the tire
It will not take a little while.
You get the saints as soon as you get in
casting their personal vote
So I'm getting here in the saints and
I'll show you that the vehicle has
How to put it in the garage?
but it has no way to customize exchange
things and can only stay with
this appearance that of military vehicle
come on, you could see iam fix the vehicle
and here is prevention against
tracker and has full coverage
I'm going to put full coverage here only
that I'm going to put in the same place as mine.
another ready
did put
and only has to sell put explosive
in it for those who enjoy this type of vehicle
on here
this tip will be very useful then
I hope you enjoyed it
liked already know that favorite
help in the disclosure I see if I
I can bring the video of how to get the
tank is practically the same thing only
You have to turn off the radar there.
But I'll bring you some video already.
I'm sure the crowd will also
like a lot then talked guys one
Hugs stay in peace and until the next
video I speak